Nobelkommittén för fysik har förbjudit det här programmet.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Herein find materials that demonstrate the 2022 Nobel Prize in Physics
was given for junk pseudoscience.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

This repository all began with the Ada program, which is a simulation
of a signal processing problem logically equivalent to one of Alain
Aspect’s Bell-test experiments. The simulation reproduces the
statistics predicted by quantum mechanics, but entirely
classically. Which OF COURSE it does, because it is LOGICALLY
EQUIVALENT.

There is no trick to it. Aspect is simply wrong, as are Bell and
Clauser. Not one of them could do the math correctly.

And it is plain fact that ‘science’ is NOT ‘self-correcting’, as the
robotic talking heads would have it. Rather, physicists have
instituted a self-reinforcing incompetence in probability theory and
random process analysis that goes all the way back to the beginnings
of quantum mechanics.

We have, perhaps, what is the worst ‘scientific’ system a person could
have dreamt up. I am not sure what to do about that except to alert
the educated public to the fact and have them demand that the system
be DISMANTLED. The journals, ‘peer review’ (which in practice is
organized bullying), the whole thing!

In its place, we need something with universal open access, and where
bullies (such as the Bell apologists have been) cannot block
publication.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

There are also in here:

* Translations of the Ada program to other languages.

* A paper, more or less in the style of the journals, based on the
  math of the Ada program’s commentary, and completely superceded by a
  new proof that is sketched in the introduction.

* A CWEB program, not yet completed, that contains the new proof
  (already completed).

* The source repository for the Python animation at
  https://pypi.org/project/Quantum-Correlations-Visualized/

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Let me finish this README with a trap for Bell apologists.

This is a proof Einstein, Podolsky, and Rosen were right that SHOULD
have occurred to electrical engineers long ago. However, nowadays the
IEEE is ‘Quantum This’ and ‘Quantum That’, so I have no idea WHAT is
occurring to electrical engineers. I cannot join an IEEE society
anymore. They are all corrupted.

The trap goes as follows.

Take your favorite Bell-test experiment. Convert it step by step to a
signal processing problem. Take the particles and convert them to
signals. Take the beam-splitting polarizers or the Stern-Gerlach
magnets and convert them to receiver-transmitter relay stations,
applying equivalent algorithms. Do any other necessary transformations
of the sort.

The result will be a signal processing experiment that is, step by
step, logically equivalent to the Bell-test experiment. And it will
be, without question, a classical experiment, fully action by contact.

Therefore the Bell-test experiment is classical and action by contact.

At this point, the Bell apologist objects, perhaps, that the signal
processing experiment is NOT, in fact, logically equivalent, because
it left out ENTANGLEMENT. The signals are not, like the particles,
entangled.

So now what you do is you SOLVE for the correlation coefficient of the
signal processing problem, using random process analysis methods. One
obtains, of course, the same solution as QM obtains for the Bell-test.

The Bell apologist is now trapped. Most likely they will not switch
sides, but rather resort to a series of selections from this list:
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_fallacies&oldid=1171695814#Informal_fallacies

----------------------------------------------------------------------
